---
author: jill
---
A banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by several kinds
of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa.

In some countries, bananas used for cooking may be called "plantains",
distinguishing them from dessert bananas. The fruit is variable in size, color,
and firmness, but is usually elongated and curved, with soft flesh rich in
starch covered with a rind, which may be green, yellow, red, purple, or brown
when ripe.
the most important relationships are not of our choosing. Neither of theirs.
Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

Before creating a pull request, if the issues involves making changes to the UI, please discuss it in the issue beforehand. This will help keep reviews focused on the code changes.
Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct. Be considerate to others and try to be courteous and professional at all times. For more information see the Code of Conduct FAQ or contact opencode@microsoft.com with any additional questions or comments.